editorial review of recent ASB prefetch and locking changes (#6936)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/azure-service-bus/configuration.md

partial: lockrenewal

> [!NOTE]
> Message lock renewal is initiated by client code, not the broker. If a request to renew a lock fails after all the SDK built-in retries (e.g., due to connection loss), the lock won't be renewed, and the message will become unlocked and available for processing by competing consumers. Lock renewal should be treated as a best effort, not as a guaranteed operation.

> [!NOTE]

> > If message lock renewal occurs, two actions may be taken to avoid the time taken for message processing exceeding the lock duration:
> >
> > - Optimise the message handlers to reduce their execution time.
> > - Reduce the prefetch count. All messages are locked on peek, so when they are prefetched, they remain locked until they are all processed.

Author: ```suggestion
> If message lock renewal occurs, two actions may be considered to avoid the time taken for message processing exceeding the lock duration:
>
> - Optimise the message handlers to reduce their execution time.
> - Reduce the prefetch count. All messages are locked on peek, so when they are prefetched, they remain locked until they are all processed.
```

> > If message lock renewal occurs, two actions may be taken to avoid the time taken for message processing exceeding the lock duration:
> >
> > - Optimise the message handlers to reduce their execution time.
> > - Reduce the prefetch count. All messages are locked on peek, so when they are prefetched, they remain locked until they are all processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following approaches can be considered to minimize or avoid the use of message lock renewals:
>
> - Optimise the message handlers to reduce their execution time.
> - Reduce the prefetch count. All messages are locked on peek, so when they are prefetched, they remain locked until they are all processed.
```

> > If message lock renewal occurs, two actions may be taken to avoid the time taken for message processing exceeding the lock duration:
> >
> > - Optimise the message handlers to reduce their execution time.
> > - Reduce the prefetch count. All messages are locked on peek, so when they are prefetched, they remain locked until they are all processed.

Author: minor tweaks:

```suggestion
> The following approaches may be considered to minimize or avoid the occurrence of message lock renewals:
>
> - Optimise the message handlers to reduce their execution time.
> - Reduce the prefetch count. All messages are locked on peek, so when they are prefetched, they remain locked until they are all processed.
```
